{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1251
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red128\green128\blue128;\red51\green51\blue204;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx792
\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural\pgnx720\pgny720
\fs24\b1Start\b0\fs20\
Our city sleeps with awful dreams.  Nightmares of toil and strife.  Come daylight, it treks with a heavy soul, burdened with tasks to come.  Each moment closer to another night\u8217?s torment.  There is no warmth here.  Only we can see that now. \
\
And if we can see, we can save.\
\
\b\cf2 \ul continue\ulnone \cf0 \b0\
\
\fs24\b1title screen\b0\fs20\
Soulfill\
\
An audio game.\
\
Hold your iPhone in your hand with headphones on.\
\
Play this on the subway.\
\
Tap to \b\cf2 \ul start menu\ulnone \cf0 \b0.\
\f1\cf1 <<display "start menu">>\cf0\f0\
\
\
\fs24\b1start menu\b0\fs20\
Swipe left if you are \b\cf2 \ul on the train\ulnone \cf0 \b0.\
Swipe right if you are \b\cf2 \ul waiting for the train\ulnone \cf0 \b0.\
\
\fs24\b1waiting for the train\b0\fs20\
Start gameplay while waiting on the platform.\
\
\f1\cf1 <<display "story start">>\cf0\f0\
\
\fs24\b1timed quest\b0\fs20\
We've gotten word that you're being tracked. The enemy is strong, cunning. You don't have long until contact.  You must use your time to save.\
\
Complete \f1\cf1 <<print either("2","3","4")>>\cf0\f0 \f1\cf1 <font color="#ab218e">\cf0\f0Encounters\f1\cf1 </font>\cf0\f0 in \f1\cf1 <<print either("30","45","60")>>\cf0\f0 seconds.\
\
\
Double-tap to \b\cf2 \ul complete\ulnone \cf0 \b0.\
\b\cf2 \ul (Test) Timeout\ulnone \cf0 \b0\
\
\fs24\b1timed quest complete\b0\fs20\
You can stand down.  Another operative nearby has flushed out the enemy and counteracted this measure.\
\
While the immediate danger has passed, do not drop guard.  Persist with purpose and caution.\
\
Double-tap to \b\cf2 \ul continue\ulnone \cf0 \b0\
\
\
\fs24\b1timed out quest\b0\fs20\
We did not get enough records from you in time.  We could not protect your identity any longer.  \f1\cf1 <\f1\cf1 <display revealed>\cf0\f0>\cf0\f0\
\
\fs24\b1quest proxy\b0\fs20\
\f1\cf1 <<display either("timed quest","challenge quest","repeat quest", "hold quest", "pace quest")>>\cf0\f0\
\
\fs24\b1StoryTitle\b0\fs20\
Untitled Story\
\
\fs24\b1change context\b0\fs20\
You've requested to change your context.\
\
Tap once if your \b\cf2 \ul train is arriving\ulnone \cf0 \b0.\
Double-tap if you are on a train \b\cf2 \ul approaching your stop\ulnone \cf0 \b0.\
Swipe up for \b\cf2 \ul stats\ulnone \cf0 \b0.\
\
\fs24\b1on the train\b0\fs20\
start gameplay while already aboard the train.\
\
\f1\cf1 <<display "story start">>\cf0\f0\
\
\fs24\b1challenge quest\b0\fs20\
We have reason to believe you may have been comprimised.  A specifically strong enemy has been impersonating our brethren.  You will need to pass a test to verify your identity.  Find the enemy.  They will first \f1\cf1 <font color="#f36e21">\cf0\f0Break\f1\cf1 </font>\cf0\f0 an encounter.  That is how you will know.  But beware, they will be quick to \
\
Find someone that \f1\cf1 <font color="#f36e21">\cf0\f0Breaks\f1\cf1 </font>\cf0\f0 an \f1\cf1 <\f1\cf1 <encounter>\cf0\f0>\cf0\f0 without a \f1\cf1 <\f1\cf1 <reveal>\cf0\f0>\cf0\f0.\
\
Record your \f1\cf1 <\f1\cf1 <encounter>\cf0\f0>\cf0\f0 progress.\
\
\f1\cf1 <\f1\cf1 <questcomplete>\cf0\f0>\cf0\f0\
\
\
\
\
\fs24\b1pace quest\b0\fs20\
Our intel suggests an enemy in your proximity has obtained a new type of weapon, one unknown to us. What little details we have are sparce.  It's a weak energy collector, but extracts from a large group of targets.\
\
Time to move.\
\
Cover \f1\cf1 <<print either("10","13","16")>>\cf0\f0 paces and establish an \f1\cf1 <\f1\cf1 <encounter>\cf0\f0>\cf0\f0 with \f1\cf1 <<print either("2","4","6")>>\cf0\f0 subjects.\
\
Do not overstep or under-encounter.  You will be \f1\cf1 <font color="#f36e21">\cf0\f0Revealed\f1\cf1 </font>\cf0\f0.\
\
\f1\cf1 <\f1\cf1 <questcomplete>\cf0\f0>\cf0\f0\
\
\fs24\b1stats\b0\fs20\
Total Encounters\
Total Breaks\
Total Reveal Attempts\
Total time\
\
\fs24\b1StoryAuthor\b0\fs20\
Anonymous\
\
\fs24\b1repeat quest\b0\fs20\
There is a soul that's exposed in your proximity.  It will not be long until an enemy makes contact.  You must perform a repeat \f1\cf1 <\f1\cf1 <encounter>\cf0\f0>\cf0\f0 to safely guide this person from danger.\
\
Create an \f1\cf1 <\f1\cf1 <encounter>\cf0\f0>\cf0\f0.  Then repeat the \f1\cf1 <\f1\cf1 <encounter>\cf0\f0>\cf0\f0 with the same person.\
\
\f1\cf1 <\f1\cf1 <questcomplete>\cf0\f0>\cf0\f0\
\
\fs24\b1Closed In\b0\fs20\
\f1\cf1 <link href='http://fonts.googleapis.com/css?family=Exo+2' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'>\cf0\f0\
\
body {\
  margin: 2%;\
}\
#passages{\
  margin: 0;\
  padding: 0;\
  border: 0;\
  width:96%;\
  margin: auto;\
}\
.passage {\
  font-size:6em;\
  font-weight: normal;\
  /*font-family:\u8221?courier new\u8221? !important; */\
  font-family: 'Exo 2', sans-serif;\
  color: #888;\
  text-shadow: #888 0 0 0.05em;\
}\
@media screen and (max-width: 960px) {\
  .passage {\
    font-size: 4em;\
  }\
}\
@media screen and (max-width: 640px) {\
  .passage {\
    font-size: 3em;\
  }\
}\
a.internalLink, a.externalLink {\
  color: #ddd;\
  text-shadow: #ddd 0 0 0.07em;\
}\
a.internalLink:hover, a.externalLink:hover {\
  color: #fff;\
  text-decoration: none;\
  text-shadow: #fff 0 0 0.09em;\
}\
a:visited { \
color:#a1a1a1; \
text-decoration: line-through;\
}\
\
#sidebar {\
	display:none;\
}\
\
\fs24\b1story start\b0\fs20\
These souls will thank us one day.  Or perhaps not.  That will be determined by our success.  Our kind possess a great internal energy.  It's the stuff that brings vigor to the body, laughter to the lips, and passion to the heart. We transfer this energy through the eyes.  \
\
To being, make eye contact with someone nearby.\
\
We call this an \f1\cf1 <\f1\cf1 <encounter>\cf0\f0>\cf0\f0.\
\
Tap at any time to record an \f1\cf1 <\f1\cf1 <encounter>\cf0\f0>\cf0\f0.\
\
Double-Tap when you \b\cf2 \ul complete your first encounter\ulnone \cf0 \b0.\
\
\
\
\fs24\b1complete your first encounter\b0\fs20\
Our gift is not an easy one to posses.  Those we wish to help do not realize their need.  They are instinctively resistant.  Yet we must persist.  We are their stewards in the day to help them through the night.\
\
Establish 2 new \f1\cf1 <font color="#ab218e">\cf0\f0Encounters\f1\cf1 </font>\cf0\f0\
\
Tap when \b\cf2 \ul complete\ulnone \cf0 \b0.\
\
\
\
\
\
\fs24\b1second encounter complete\b0\fs20\
Take heed, have any of your subjects broken the \f1\cf1 <font color="#ab218e">\cf0\f0Encounter\f1\cf1 </font>\cf0\f0?  This you must observe.  If your subject looks away from you before you do, \f1\cf1 <font color="#f36e21">\cf0\f0this is called a Break\f1\cf1 </font>\cf0\f0.  A \f1\cf1 <font color="#f36e21">\cf0\f0Break\f1\cf1 </font>\cf0\f0 must be recorded immediately.  These souls are left exposed.  When this occurs, we will conviene a tribunal and provide you with additional direction.\
\
Record a \f1\cf1 <font color="#f36e21">\cf0\f0Break\f1\cf1 </font>\cf0\f0 by swiping up.\
\
It's time to save yet another.\
\
Tap when \b\cf2 \ul complete\ulnone \cf0 \b0.\
\
\fs24\b1third encounter complete\b0\fs20\
With any great power comes those who wish to possess it.  Our enemy has discovered a way to take our power.  They meld their beastly shape into the form of the public, blending in plain view.  They watch for us, eyes open and aware of our presense.  You will know them.  When you establish an \f1\cf1 <font color="#ab218e">\cf0\f0Encounter\f1\cf1 </font>\cf0\f0, they will have already been looking at you.  This is how they take, through the same method with which we intend to save.\
\
Do not establish an \f1\cf1 <font color="#ab218e">\cf0\f0Encounter\f1\cf1 </font>\cf0\f0 with someone who is already looking at you.  \f1\cf1 <font color="#f36e21">\cf0\f0This is called a Reveal\f1\cf1 </font>\cf0\f0.\
\
If you are fallen by our enemy, if you are \f1\cf1 <font color="#f36e21">\cf0\f0Revealed\f1\cf1 </font>\cf0\f0, you must swipe down.\
\
<!-- PERSIST DOWNWARD SWIPE AS ENDGAME SCENARIO -->\
\
\b\cf2 \ul continue\ulnone \cf0 \b0\
\
\fs24\b1tutorial complete\b0\fs20\
If at any time you enter a train or exit a train, we must be made aware.  This is called \f1\cf1 <font color="e5d01d">\cf0\f0Context\f1\cf1 </font>\cf0\f0.  Your missions will depend on your \f1\cf1 <font color="e5d01d">\cf0\f0Context\f1\cf1 </font>\cf0\f0.\
\
Swipe left at any time to change your \f1\cf1 <font color="e5d01d">\cf0\f0Context\f1\cf1 </font>\cf0\f0.\
\
\b\cf2 \ul continue\ulnone \cf0 \b0\
\
\fs24\b1hold quest\b0\fs20\
We've detected an anomoly.  A wide open soul, hyper-exposed.  There is a chance this soul will start to consume proximity souls if the void regresses any further.  Help this being and save the others that surround.\
\
Create an \f1\cf1 <\f1\cf1 <encounter>\cf0\f0>\cf0\f0 and hold for as long as possible.\
\
Touch and hold device during the \f1\cf1 <\f1\cf1 <encounter>\cf0\f0>\cf0\f0 to record.\
\
\f1\cf1 <\f1\cf1 <questcomplete>\cf0\f0>\cf0\f0\
\
\fs24\b1inline formats\b0\fs20\
\f1\cf1 <font color="#ab218e">\cf0\f0Encounter\f1\cf1 </font>\cf0\f0\
\f1\cf1 <font color="#f36e21">\cf0\f0Break\f1\cf1 </font>\cf0\f0\
\f1\cf1 <font color="#f36e21">\cf0\f0Reveal\f1\cf1 </font>\cf0\f0\
\f1\cf1 <font color="e5d01d">\cf0\f0Context\f1\cf1 </font>\cf0\f0\
\
\fs24\b1revealed\b0\fs20\
The enemy is opun you.  You have been \f1\cf1 <font color="#f36e21">\cf0\f0Revealed\f1\cf1 </font>\cf0\f0, your powers taken, your mission failed.  You are now of the soulless and must prepare for the coming of night.  Good luck.  We will look for you in future daylight.\
\
\
\b\cf2 \ul Game Over.\ulnone \cf0 \b0\
\
\fs24\b1reveal attempt\b0\fs20\
You only have seconds.  The \f1\cf1 <font color="#f36e21">\cf0\f0Reveal\f1\cf1 </font>\cf0\f0 is not complete.  But you must move.  And they must not follow.\
\
Turn, move, go.  Do not create an \f1\cf1 <font color="#ab218e">\cf0\f0Encounter\f1\cf1 </font>\cf0\f0 during your excape.\
\
<!-- SINGLE TAP / ENCOUNTER IS A LOSS -->\
Double-tap to \f1\cf1 <\f1\cf1 <return>\cf0\f0>\cf0\f0\
\
\fs24\b1questcomplete\b0\fs20\
Double-tap when \b\cf2 \ul complete\ulnone \cf0 \b0\
\
\fs24\b1encounter\b0\fs20\
\f1\cf1 <font color="#ab218e">\cf0\f0Encounter\f1\cf1 </font>\cf0\f0\
\
\fs24\b1break\b0\fs20\
\f1\cf1 <font color="#f36e21">\cf0\f0Break\f1\cf1 </font>\cf0\f0\
\
\fs24\b1reveal\b0\fs20\
\f1\cf1 <font color="#f36e21">\cf0\f0Reveal\f1\cf1 </font>\cf0\f0\
\
\fs24\b1context\b0\fs20\
\f1\cf1 <font color="e5d01d">\cf0\f0Context\f1\cf1 </font>\cf0\f0\
\
}